THE QUTMATES

(Cont. from Page 8)

should be recorded, that there are efforts being made
in some penal institutions to upgrade their industrial

programs to attain the level of more modern and
advanced prisons. This industrial program, designed
to encompass the larger percentage of inmate popula-
tion who would not qualify to participate in “Prison
Outmates,’’ would not only include the expansion of
existing prison industries, but, also, require the addi-
tion of new industries and the elimination of the
aforementioned antiquated facilities. The acceptance
of the prison outmate system would open the way for
the expansion of the inmate industrial program. The
beneficiaries would not only include the inmates but
also society, with the lessening of taxes through the
reduction of welfare expenditures and prison subsist-
ence. Along with these benefits would be the addi-
tional benefits derived from the taxation of the Out-
mates wages.

I believe that the greatest advantage to be gained
from the Prison Outmates Plan will be in responsible,
self-reliant, ex-offenders who have returned to soci-
ety because of their own initiative, paying their own
(and their families) way with honest endeavor and
gainful, productive, self-satisfying work. The pro-
gressive minds of our eminent penologists have of-
fered society the challenge.

We, the offenders, are ready and willing to accept
it. Are you, Society, able to meet this newest and
greatest of all challenges in Penal History?

Oo

LOOKING AT A RED SAFEGUARD

(Cont. from Page 19)

It is only man himself who can remedy the situa-
tion by practising the very truths and ideals he so
fervently embraces by regarding his neighbors choice,
however different from his own, as personal accept-
ance. It is for man himself to unleash himself from
the puritanical strait-jacket he has strapped himself
into for so long. It is man himself who must recognize
the individuals who seek to subvert for sadistic or
personal satisfaction; and, once recognized, not be
allowed to gain power through the humiliation of mil-
lions. History has recorded too many of these indiv-
viduals to go unnoticed. One such person, Oliver
Cromwell of England, plundered, raped, and killed,
while shouting blasphemous words of devotion to
God's duty. It is world peace and understanding that
men are striving to reach. It is also a social and moral

Eastern Echo

understanding that men must attain. In order to do
this, man himself must specifically point out that
which is offensive to his new thinking. To accomplish
this he will understandably invoke the wrath of the
many sects, organizations and orders that are profit-
ing materially from human misery and ignorance. If
man is really anxious to solve these problems, then he
must realize there has got to be a re-awakening dedi-
cated to the enrichment of the personal lives of all its
citizens. A diamond was only a piece of rock with a
brilliant hue until man put a value upon it. So it is,
that a new concept is only as valuable as the value
man conceives it to be. The masses are quick to fol-
low a leader in thought. With this knowledge he can,
if truly desired, reach a plane of beauty previously
thought unattainable. He may not recognize its real
worth, but there will be many who will ponder in
retrospect and see the good that came out of a pre-
viously chaotic condition.

Y
——={@ >.

THE ART PAGE

(Cont. from Page 23)

a tiller of the soil and he came upon methods of mak-
ing useful objects. It was here that the artist con-
cerned himself no more with the magical practices of
the nomadic hunter who believed this helped to en-
sure success in the hunt.

This man felt that the change of weather by day,
the change of weather in seasons, the reason for his
crops and harvests etc., was directly responsible be-
cause of some higher being—a God or Spirit, so he
attributed these powers to this thought and it was
here that the first steps forward were made to the
many beliefs we sustain today. His was a pagan reli-
gion but a religion nonetheless. In this formative
stage simple decorative practices developed in the
embellishments of pottery and textiles of the period.
These were simple abstracted symbols but admiringly
creative in their perspective. Methods and proce-
dures, ideas and materials, the love and passion to
paint had an explosive burst of wanting that was to
follow for many thousands of years. It is easy to as-
sume that from here Ancient Art in the historical
sense, Egyptian, Sumerian and Oriental art began to
develop. If you give some thought to it, the realism
of the Old Stone Age viewpoint and the abstractions
of the New Stone Age ideal, are something to be
wondered at.

In the next publication of Eastern Echo I will dis-
cuss the Egyptian Utilitarian form of art, an art form
which endured for thirty centuries. @

ZD
