 —_— ae a ze

jondence Course

‘to the beginner for learning

sic and tts application.

work for it; it must be supplied for them, and, as
chronic invalids, they will wait for, and expect to
receive everything, while contributing nothing to-
ward their own advancement. (5.) Their idea of a
musical education, consists of reading fan magazines,
such as, the Downbeat, the Jazz Age, the Metronome,
the Billboard, and ete., and religiously studying and
memorizing every article that they can find on the
activities of the professional entertainers, whom they
idolize, for the purpose of creating the impression,
that they know these entertainers personally, and
from their association with them, they have first-
hand knowledge of the things that they discuss about
the stars; such as, where and when a star was born;
what his opinions of other musicians are; whatever
blemishes he has upon his social record; if, he is
feuding with anyone, why; how do present day mu-
sicians rate with those of the past; if a musician is
dead, where, when, and why he died, ete. All of this
information supplies them with material to argue and
to debate, and in their opinion, it qualifies them to be
looked up to, and to be rated on a par with the enter-
tainers that they rave about, while at the same time,
they are unable to realize, that this information has
nothing to do with musicianship, or their own indi-
vidual ability to play music as it is supposed to be
played. (6.) They say that the standard method of
learning how to play music, is old-fashioned, and ob-
solete, simply because it was in existence before their
time; and for that reason, they are unable to accept
the fact, that the principles of music, like the prin-
ciples of everything else, cannot, and will never be

changed, and as a result of this belief, they do not
have the patience to confine their playing efforts to
their instruction books, which are made up of the
type of exercises that are carefully designed to grad-
ually train their reflexes, and to develop co-ordina-
tion for them, while at the same time, they are learn-
ing how to apply the fundamentals of playing music
to their particular instrument. (7.) In their haste,
and anxiety to play popular songs, and rhythmic
figurations, and imitations of the star performers,
before they are ready, or are even capable of playing
any kind of music, they will repeatedly avoid and
ignore the type of studies and exercises that they
could gain true ability with, and instead, they will
devote all of their time and efforts towards improv-
isations and figurations that are far in advance of
their ability to understand them, or to play them cor-
rectly, and for that reason, they are tremendously
handicapped by the fact that they are unable to cope
with music for what it really is, and as a result of
this, they must depend upon their ears to guide them
in their untrained and extremely limited efforts to
imitate, and to try to play what they think is music.
When these faults are avoided by students and
novices, good musicianship will result sooner than
you think it will, why don’t you try it, and see for
yourself?

Frank L, Armstead

Musie Instructor

17
mndence Course
