---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_010.jpg
---
TRUE HEROISM

It is true that old heroism is dead We shall

never again have a Jason felling the pines of

Pelion, building ships with highly colored
poops, and going forth to strive with snaky
dragons in wandering search of the Golden
Fleece. We shall never again have eallant
knights with ringing gauntlets and jingling
spurs going forthin quest of romantic adven-
ture, liberating ladies in distress from donjon
towers, or seeking in far off lands for the Holy
Grail. These exploits are gone' forever with
the worldâ€™s old dreams. But as they have dis-
appeared, a New Heroism has risen for the
race. It is by far the greater heroism that
goes down to seek and serve in the thick of
things where worn men and weary women are
caught in folds of the great dragon of social
injustice. Itisa true heroism that strives to
free the poor and misguided captives caught in
the great drag-net of greed and graft. lere
truly is the field for the great spiritual and
moral adventures of the future.
